>> Ben Hong: For
your final coding exercise,
we're gona do a WeekStore with Pinia.
I recommend doing it doing
the setup way just because,
just to get more opportunities to practice
that and then kind of see how it feels.
And then if you can, see if you can get it
to show up inside of your dev tools and
then play around with like.
And again you can even
just stub out the data.
You don't have to worry too
much about like whether it like
works with the entire app or not.
The idea here is just you getting
some time with Pinia and setup store.
Okay, so we have the useWeek
composable that we created together.
And so you can see here, it's funny when
you're looking at these side by sides,
let me open up the use tasks or
task store.
That's what it is.
If you look at them,
they're actually not so different.
It's kind of interesting.
And so the main thing being that by
opting into this defined store helper,
there's a bunch of stuff
that Pinion will do for you.
But from a structured perspective,
we're actually fairly, fairly close there.
So basically, what I would do here
is we would say, all right, so
export const useWeekStore, right,
and we'll define the store.
And I usually basically just call
the key whatever the store name is,
just to be consistent and
then we open it up with set function.
So I'm just going to go ahead and
do it like that and
then I'll close this now just
to give us our, our space back.
And then let's just make sure we go back
down here to make sure we get it right.
Although something looks funny.
Bum, bum, bum, that's good.
Const, async, okay,
that's good for the return.
This is all the way up here,
yep, yep, yep.
Okay, got it.
So let me permanently comment this out so
that is not confusing.
But you all still have it.
Okay, now this part is good.
This part is not.
Yes, good.
And then, okay, we need to import,
define store from Pinia, which is great.
There we have it.
And then as you can see,
we already have our actions in our getter.
So really what we need
is just the state and
the state is all of
the things we see here.
So we can just grab this, I mean,
it's gonna break a ton of things,
cuz we know what happened last time
I did this, but this is a start.
So here's our weeks exposed and
Then everything else here.
And so this is where at this point I'm
just not even going to bother with
the read only pattern because we
are in a store now and I personally,
I'm not so convinced that we need that.
So there we go.
Shared state.
This is it.
And then, yep, that's the store.
And then, I think, we actually don't even
need this anymore, right, yeah, we don't.
Yep.
So then this here then gets moved
all the way down into stores.
Okay.
And then we call it weak store.
And now I think there's going to be a
bunch of stuff that's going to ultimately
end up breaking because this does
not work the way we want it to.
But we're not going to worry
about that just for the moment.
We're just going to ask any questions
about sort of that convergence.
Does anyone have any issues
with that migration path?
Felt overall familiar,
given what we've been doing?
Good, that's a good sign for
me cuz it felt different than, yeah.
I mean that I think when Eduardo was
doing the design spec for Pinia or
essentially what is Vue X5, it was this
idea that composition API already just has
that light flexibility that clearly a lot
of people have gravitated towards and
we really didn't want to
step that far away from it.
There is no point designing a whole new
API just because of the State management
library.
And yeah, so with that,
that is your useWeekStore.
And let's see,
is there anything else I had us do,
composing stores, Pinia dev tools,
I think that's mostly that.
As the final result, there will be
a branch that's called solution.
And I'll basically make sure everything is
at least talking to each other correctly.
And that way, we can see how it
all works together in the end.
But again, I wanted to kind of create
really a playground for you all.
I mean, this is what it's like working in,
honestly, some code bases, right?
Stuff's broken, stuff's weirdly dependent.
There's some weird things are written,
some funny ways.
So how we make sense of that over time and
organize.
Sorry, make order out of chaos,
not the other way around.
Yeah, I mean that's really what
we're trying to do as developers.
So yeah, there'll be some.
And I'll make sure it's
indicated on the repo, whatever.
I probably would just call it solution,
all right.